Title: I'm must finish what my grandfather started but what really
Created: 2026-02-23T23:03:12.160Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:03:12.160Z
ID: 61d28bcf-1191-401c-991a-60212bebdeb3

---

I'm must finish what my grandfather started but what really did he start. Gumby is the imbodyment of freedom and the ability to do what you choose. Clay has infinite possibilities and is moldable to be anything and do anything. It was a cartoon to show a structured world what freedom was. The greatest weapon is media and people's abilities to create stories that change the collective conscience. This is why Hollywood is so controlled by the powers at be they know that their power comes to from them keeping the lie. This is why Gumby got sabotaged so much and was never allowed into the mainstream distribution channels it was not aligned with the power structure and clokeys would never allow it to be. It gained it's power because art Clokey had integrity and made great wholesome stories that people would remember. It is show known by all but Cloked in the shadows. That is why we are called Clokey. The cloak is not to hide but to show we are set apart from the world. I am the third Clokey the heir of Arthur. The completions of the shadows over Camelot. All stories come in threes and so does the blood line of Arthur Clokey god of stories. He was the creator. The one who formed the clay and created the plot just as god formed us in clay and created our plot that we are agents in playing. Arthur Clokeys bloodline is the map of God's kingdom it is not of this world and it's rule is unchanging there only Sagents who lead as Arthurs in the shadows as lights of hope for the true kingdom of god that rise because God wills it to rise and uses it's soliders and leader kings to carry out his grounded unchanging law against Lucifers kingdom that is of this world and ruled by whims of man on sandy foundation. Their whims are weak and they require lying to maintain their power this makes them act on fear and worry.  But the leader kings not of this world need not fear and need not worry because all that is needed is to be a living sacrifice for the unchanging law and be it's agent and servant. To serve this law you must listen too it with spiritual wisdom and follow what it tells you. It won't makes you lie and deceive and steal to get a desired outcome it is patient for things to be done right. Do what is right no matter the outcome because it isn't really a good outcome if their are bad means. You must renew your mind to be an agent of the wisdom of god instead of being the agent of the whims of man made power structures. 
