The Living Age is the transition from centralized mechanical civilization to a decentralized living world — where order emerges naturally through voluntary cooperation, conscience, culture, and regenerative systems rather than coercion or centralized control.

In biology there are no central banks no legal tender laws or debt or investments there is only voluntary trade. Since life is always changing debt can never actually last. Debt requires large institutions to enforce and it requires the centralized state because what is yours is with someone else. Yea and the mutualist world has ways to fight against the tapeworms and other takers. The voluntary living order has ways to stop the takers from taking over. We don't need an ultimate bad actor the state to stop other bad actors and life is the example of why.  


There are 2 types of order decentralized and centralized. centralized order requires uniformity decentralized order requires ordered diversity. Life is decentralized and life must die to become centralized. life must be reduced to parts to be centralized and in doing so it looses its soul. it looses what makes it valuable. the diversity of life isn't just random difference it is based on local knowledge of time and place that no central planners can predict together except for local planners. distributed nodes can plan but central planners cannot. In a distributed algorithm the planning is parrel but just one computation it is at every node making educated guesses and changing to the local knowledge for each node and in so doing the whole is ordered not in blocks but it spirals. The distributed knowledge is dictated by prices the ratio between the voluntary exchange of anything between the nodes. Living order is organized by choice and state order is dictated by control. 

Machines are creation forcing it's will on creation it is a way of thinking it is against the true order of creation. It is reductionism to the point the parts are brittle what was once strong is now weak. Instead of building with machines we should be stewards of creation and align our will to the creator and be leafs that affect the world aligned to the natural order of the world not they way we want to force the world to be. The machine is the false order of the block and life is the true order of the spiral. Anarchism is rejecting the block and voluntaryism is accepting the spiral. Living things are not machines. Once they become machines they are reduced to death.  

Things that grow work on distributed knowledge. The generation of new information in genetics is by distributed knowledge and individual choice down to the cellular level. Voluntaryism is written into how biology functions because cells act by choice and choose what they do and opposed being coerced. Cells act by choice and they signal other cells but they only react to those signals by choice. There are cases where some coerce and that is called pathogens viruses and cancer. These cells have the idea that it is better to die than be coerced. Also the immune system is the defense of the voluntary order. It is the model of how defense works in a voluntaryist world from the molecular all the way up to the individual and the society.   The force is directed by the will of the invisible hand of the creator. It is a sort of distributed intelligence in creation by the higher being creator.

Eugenics is best explained through the analogy of the Loki show and the TVA. The TVA is a fake machine authority that believes there is one Sacred Timeline, just as the eugenicists believe there is one ideal human. But by the end of the show, Loki breaks the loom and gives life to the entire multiverse — because life is many branches, and adaptation isn't about killing what doesn't work, but distributed choice based on distributed knowledge.

Living things are not machines. The differences are a feature, not a bug. The differences are how adaptation is possible. It is trial and error directed by distributed knowledge — just how Hayek explains the market at the human-to-human level with trade. Eugenics is the same fatal conceit: that you can't centrally plan life.
There is choosing, and there is a goal.

If DNA is a language, the cell speaks it — and can write in that language.

The idea of selection by death is what gave eugenics its power.

Hayek's point is that people act based on distributed knowledge from prices, and choose what to do, and can pivot from one thing to another. Hayek's explanation of market forces applies to life: that natural selection, as commonly understood, is inaccurate — because the change isn't random. It's directed by distributed knowledge.

There is variance, but the variance isn't random. It is directed by the environment and what is around. The variance is based on distributed knowledge, just like the variance of the market is based on the distributed knowledge of prices.

It is trial and error directed by knowledge — but the entrepreneurs don't die. They just pivot.
If there is distributed knowledge in living things, it's in the DNA — and bioinformatics is the analysis of that genetic data. It's called bioinformatics because the sequence of DNA holds information, and DNA is a natural language. Natural language holds distributed knowledge. Bioinformatics is the study of distributed knowledge in living systems.

Why are languages called natural? Why are languages said to evolve? It seems that this is the difference between code and language: that language comes about from spontaneous order, and not from central design like code does.

Knowing requires living. Distributed knowledge across living agents is the only kind of knowledge there is at the relevant scales. Central planning in economics, eugenics in biology, and totalitarianism in politics all make the same category error: treating distributed knowing as if it could be centrally held. Treating knowers as if they were merely data.

Knowledge is when information is read.

The problem is the Rockefeller industrial system. The idea that people are machines was institutionalized more by him, and it applies in education, healthcare, and other industries. This idea — of treating people as parts in a factory — is what fuels the statist mindset. In order to end the state mindset, we must start treating people as living things, and design with life and not against it.

In The Bad Batch, Commander Cody says to Crosshair: You know what makes us different from battle droids? We make our own decisions. Our own choices. And we have to live with them too. The difference between a living thing and a machine is conscience. It is the connection to what is moral.

The state is the inhibitor chip. My job is to help people remove it, so they can be fully themselves.


Evolution is God's proactive action of forming his creation. Formed from the dirt, in the image of God, guided by his hand.

Technology ever makes making technology easier and easier. But when learning how to use the newest technology, it is important to learn the first principles of the base technology, and everything up the abstraction stack from there is inferred from that. This applies to code, and AI, and LLMs. It is important to know the abstractions of the code and the data structures, and how to code at the levels that can now be done faster at the newer abstraction. In order to understand the newest abstraction, you need to know how the base case works. So the way this applies to LLMs: it is okay to use AI to write code if you understand how the code works— in the same way it is okay to write code when you know the principles of what you are doing. LLMs are just the newest abstraction of technology.

Life is stories and bioinformatics is finding those stories so we can learn to become storytellers. We should not be the TVA but be Loki god of stories not controlling the sacred timeline, but holding open the branches of life. I am sage Clokey the grandson of art Clokey the god of stories. I am the prestige of Clokey god of stories. Not here to force the world into form, but to help life remember how to grow. Evidence isn't to convince myself of what I already intuitively know it is to convince others who don't have my intuition.

That is the work.
That is the spiral.
That is the living age.