Title: A church back home does this thing called house church where
Created: 2026-02-23T23:31:41.201Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:31:41.201Z
ID: 726579b2-36e2-4ecb-a87b-53866e8cacca

---

A church back home does this thing called house church where discuss about their week over dinner. It is based upon the early Christian church before it was hijacked by the Roman empire. Christianity at its root is very pro liberty but many extra biblical interpretations have corrupted its pure idea of do your best to do what is right no matter the odds or consequences. 

The church isnt a building or a system it is people. Asgard is not a place it is a people. It is not one of control but of thou mayest "timshell". It isnt a commandment from a worldly ruler but a suggestion from a father on how to live.   

God isnt a god of punishment but of restitution and rehabilitation and forgiveness. This idea has been corrupted by the statist thinking that people have of punishing people who don't do what they are told. But connection to God means you will do what is right even if you are punished. You shouldn't do something just because someone told you. They could be wrong. In order to do what is right you must be able to use your minds reason to doubt what you are told and have discretion on what is correct and what is wrong. 

What if God wasn't good and you went hell for doing good should you still do good. Yes. Because what is right is right becuse it is not because you will be rewarded. 

God's law is written on your heart the sacred texts are useful tools but they are not the true source. They are only a guide but not necessary because you have all you need you just need to be guided on how to utilize it. But guided and told are 2 different things. If you are told it may make you think in order to follow God's law you have to disregard the God's law written on your heart. It must be a guide so because no man is perfect in their knowledge of how their connection to the divine works and the conclusions can be distorted in translation.
