Title: Because it's the right thing to do. Every humans system crum
Created: 2026-02-23T23:33:20.830Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:33:20.830Z
ID: 0ba7411a-cfdd-49cb-b072-75e32e929a6a

---

Because it's the right thing to do. Every humans system crumbles. If your source of power or behavior comes from Humans systems you will be corrupted with it. Your only obligation is to do what is right. Not what is commanded or popular by man. You are either an agent of the state or an agent of gods wisdom. Every material things is just a tool or symbol but not the source. The source of control is Asgard the place but the source of protection is the spiritual. Anyone can connect to that spiritual but if they connect by a material tool they will lose their faith when they loose that material tool unless if they realize it wasn't necessary it was only a helping hand. Agents of the state change with the whims of the time and are easily corrupted to be the ones people need protection from. Sinse they believe that law is good but laws change and become immoral and they enforce those laws too. The true obligation of each person is to do what is right not what is legal. What is right never changes but it is discovered over time. What is right must be discovered not created. Man cannot change right and wrong just as man cannot change gravity. An agent of the state let's someone else choose for them what to do but an agent of gods wisdom allows their conscience connection to God's wisdom tell them what to do. Don't let someone else tell you what to do when it is against your conscience so always follow that conscience even when others don't especially when others don't. America was never supposed to have a standing state military. It was supposed to be that individuals held arms what ever necessary for defense and that they were not under the state commands but of gods. Because they knew that anyone under the command of the state is a possible threat higher than a normal gang. The highest danger is the system corrupted protector who is now the the predator disguised as protector. We see this in the infiltration of shield by hydra and the creation of the vigilante task force. If there is no system to infiltrate they would have to create one and that is much more effort. Don't make it easier for them. The most important thing as a protector is to make sure your fellow protectors don't become predators. 
