Title: Let every soul be subject to the higher power for there is n
Created: 2026-02-23T23:23:12.011Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:23:12.011Z
ID: 2768b835-1ade-4045-a82b-09c2af4be01a

---

Let every soul be subject to the higher power for there is no authority except that which God has established. This doesn't mean be subject to the worldly authority because in the last chapter it says be in the world but not of it. This means to be subject only to natural law for no man is above another. For Christ said you know the gentiles lord over one another it may not be so among you. Every person is equal under God the higher authority we must all be subject to. Samuel warned the Israelites about having a king by a force a king who is a ruler that makes laws to their own whim instead of natural law. He said it would enslave humanity to that king. The ruler king is the bad shepherd. The leader king is the good shepherd. When they created the king by force God said they have rejected me as their king. 

The ruler king is an agent of satan and the leader king is an agent of god. The ruler is there to be be served and the leader is there to serve and lead others to do the same. The leader is the first mover with the courage to act and give courage to others to do the same. There is the kingdom of God and the kingdom of Satan. The kingdom of God is not of this world but of the heavenly realms and you are connected to it through your conscience soul and spirit. In this kingdom of God all men are equal no one is above another and all are to live according to natural law that is written on their conscience which is a direct connection to the holy Spirit and the heavenly commands. The kingdom of Satan is of this world and is accessed through worldly rituals and fleshly desires and fear. Satan used hierarchy among man to make the rule each other. In the kingdom of Satan there is no direct connection to the commands there is a chain of command that goes through man and everyone fights to go up the command structure but this structure isn't heavenly and the top isn't good but evil.

 It is like the force and the Jedi and sith and the light and the dark. The light side let's the force flow through them and they do what is right by listening to the force and the dark side tries to bend the force to the own will corrupting it and making it unbalanced and used for evil.

You must surrender to god so you dont have to surrender to man and satan

