Title: I have been scared to tell you how I really feel about you b
Created: 2026-02-23T23:54:08.071Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:54:08.071Z
ID: 07dd4659-fca7-47b9-b3d7-18f1d2703bab

---

I have been scared to tell you how I really feel about you because I don't know how you will respond but maybe that is making my fear come into being. I never tell you how much I love you and you will never know and you will avoid me because I am hiding my intentions which makes me creepy. but I am just waiting for the right times but maybe that is just what I tell myself because I am scared I might mess it up if I tell you too soon. Maybe it's because I know that at the moment I am not very good at holding a conversation on the phone compared with in person. I have back tracked to where I just don't talk at all and avoid everyone because I don't know why. I miss you. You make me feel whole I want to talk to you. I am sorry I made the choice to be far from you but I made this plan before I met you then I added you to my plan where ever I could. When I see you again I will hug you tight and tell you how I feel about you. You are beautiful not just because you are physically beautiful but because you are beautiful in my eyes because your presence is soothing to my soul and only your presence fulfills that no other. I love you. I don't want to let you go. My least favorite part of my plan is this time where we are apart. I don't like my plan but I hope it will work. The fortune cookie said a wish will become granted after a long delay. You are my wish I want granted and I will wait how ever long I need to to be with you. I just need to get a few things in order so that when we cross paths again I will be capable to provide for you. I will be back soon I promise but there are things I need to do first. But everything I do is for you it always has since I met you.  I am sorry I cant send this to you now but I don't think it is the right time or at least that is what I tell myself. I am sorry that when I try to text you I freeze and don't know what to say. I don't know what it is. But I think it is fear of the unknown. I know I love you but I have never loved anyone before in this way and I am not sure if you feel similar towards me but there have been hints. Or at least what I believe to be hints. 


