Title: I remember you saying you want to know the secrets in my hai
Created: 2026-02-23T23:54:19.233Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:54:19.233Z
ID: 4caf7bb5-16ae-4265-91e4-0cacb3a273f6

---

I remember you saying you want to know the secrets in my hair. I have had long hair for 9 years and I when I got that hair to a certain length where it started to curl. I gained insight. I was able to see the lies that are pulled over the eyes of many people. I was able to release my mind from the programing that controls the world. I could see the gun in the room that no one else saw. And over the last 9 years I have realized that it is my responsibility as the few people that have seen this insight to bring it to others. This is why you call me Sagent. I am a sage agent that will serve to bring this insight to the world. Sometimes the best way to help someone see what is in front of their eyes that they cannot see is to tell them a story about it. Stories are a way to by pass the programming but also the way the programming is done. Stories are what change the world. Stories can influence the mind like nothing else. You can change the world with a story. Stories are the greatest weapon of the programmers but also their greatest threat if they don't control what stories are told. My grandfather never allowed his stories to be controlled by the machine and my father continued that legacy until I believe they took him out. A great story is just ablut what you see but is about what is beneath. It is about what you are shown represents. There is no point in telling a story without meaning or without a message to it that will present itself to you when you experience the story. You are from the place where stories are told and I am the heir of a family that tells stories without compromise. A story is a magic trick. Visual effects are the magic that bring it to life be only best when they are practical effects. I am telling you a story right now. I am creating our story and its magic trick. You may think you are looking for the secret to how I do it but that would ruin the trick for you and deep down you dont want to. 
