Title: When I look into your eyes time stops. Oh I love you but I d
Created: 2026-02-23T23:57:18.364Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:57:18.364Z
ID: 5d4607e7-a09e-4056-9f52-1de3ba727f49

---

When I look into your eyes time stops. Oh I love you but I don't know how to tell you. Your presence is soothing being away from you also feels like something is missing. I always think of you. I want to be by your side but I have been pulled far away from you. It seems that whenever we do something together you post about it. I will see you soon my love. I am sorry I haven't reassured you in the distance and it seems that is why you have been so distanced since I left to Santa Cruz in the beginning of the fall quarter. Hours with you feels like seconds. Hours without you feels like an eternity. Oh the cruel perception of time. That first time we hung out together 1 on 1 a year and a half ago was so memorable. When I showed up at your house you were eating soup but you were eating it so slow it cooled down and you had to reheat it. Then later you got this balancing board thing and we took turns balancing on it you looked so cute in your striped shirt. Later we started painting together one thing was more of a cluttered mess but the other thing we painted was a landscape. And while we were drawing the grass your sister asked me about what I thought of government and things and I told her about how the federal reserve prints money with nothing backing it. We later starting play on the Xbox taking turns ⏯️ GTA 5. Then later we went to farmers for a bit then I left and went home to a pizza oven party before my sister's wedding. Then I didn't see you the rest of that summer until August.


That day we got boba then went to meadow Park and played soccer. And later you and I went to my sister's house to look after her dogs and we sat there and talked and played with the dogs for hours then we went back to your house and we watched guardians of the galaxy vol 3 and I think I annoyed Logan's brother because I kept saying the lines of the movie as it was playing even though I had only watched the movie once before on May 4th of 2023. 
