Title: I am studying bioinformatics because it is things are either
Created: 2026-02-23T23:05:13.333Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:05:13.333Z
ID: 9396840a-f251-4ba4-a7b6-5194cd610196

---

I am studying bioinformatics because it is things are either true or not true so it is ok for one person to grade. I never want to take a graded class that is related to the arts. My father to me that my grandmother would always say that art can't be graded. Which is true. Art is something that you create and you can get help from others to learn how to use better techniques and that sort of thing but it should never be up to the judgment of one person because art is a subjective thing. Objective things like math and science and programming can be graded because it is objective and has a true answer and a wrong answer. I hate writing classes not because I hate writing but because i hate having my creativity judged by one person who doesn't understand the pathway of my genius of what I am writing and I hate technical writing even more because they tell me i have to write.like a boring glass instead of a beautiful grail. 

I want to write about how movies and shows relate to liberty and present ideas in short phrases ten in a bit longer then all encompassing. I want to do things with data analysis that is applied to liberty things which makes sense for marketing for liberty to see what is best to focus on writing about. I also want to talk to people by asking questions to bring them to liberty as a one on one padcast thing. The true Republic and the sagent creed. The gold and coal suit (maybe I can add a top hat and cane( and the green lightsaber and dark cloak. My grandfather father created the show Gumby to create a pure show set apart from the rest of Hollywood. My family always does things set apart from the systems of this world because it is better to do what is right under god than do what people think is right. People are imperfect and are bound to be wrong. It is better to do things for the glory of God than the glory of man. I think I would be a great fit for the global marketing role that writes Instagram carolsels and x posts about liberty in ways that can reach gen z through nerdy things like movies and shows that have very libertarian messages that I would like to have a way to spread how I see the liberty leaning of these pieces of media. This includes daredevil, captain america, avatar the last airbender, Lord of the rings, star wars: every single star wars show movie and book I could write about how it applied to liberty. 
