Title: Lies only spread by silencing those who tell the truth. The
Created: 2026-02-23T23:08:42.908Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:08:51.347Z
ID: 82c3dd0a-9785-4519-a87b-1363dbdd64a9

---

Lies only spread by silencing those who tell the truth. The truth can weather any resistance that may come to to it but a lie withers with one to speak the truth. Free discourse is the enemy of lies and the ally of truth. Don't cut off those who tell you things that may be true that you don't want to hear because the comfortable lie will consume you.

This is why I left an ideology that can't take dissenting views. They have an inclination to cut off those who don't toe the line because their ideology can't take free discourse because they break down when it is questioned. I am Sage the fire of truth that burns away demons who tell lies. This starts with asking questions that get down to the core lie of their mass psychosis. This is the purpose of the true Republic to question the beliefs of people and work through what people think and why and lead them towards the truth and away from lies.

Lies can be most damaging to those who cut off the ones who questions the lies they wish to be true.

The truth tellers never wanted to be right they just saw things for what they were in ways others couldn't. Sometimes the unveiling of the truth can be ugly but the damage that occured from the lies can only be cured with revealing the truth. Truth tellers are told they are crazy by those whose lies they are revealing and they very people they want to free from the lie will fight them for revealing the truth that destroyed the comfortable lies. This is why it is a flame but it isn't a consuming flame like the lies but a purifying one but it is still painful but no pains no gains. 

People who see reality for what it is and see the schemes of people controlled by demonic forces have an obligation tell others the truth for what they see to be reality. Because not everyone can see it and are vulnerable to manipulation and being convinced of falsehood if the truth tellers say nothing and let it happen because they are afraid of what may happen to them if they do something about it. Those who see true reality have an obligation to tell that to world so that the world can protect itself from the lies that control and enslave people.
