Title: After 5 year I returned to LA for a winter retreat. I got th
Created: 2026-02-23T23:57:07.494Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:57:07.494Z
ID: e3b11555-da0c-4d98-84db-915fcbedeb6f

---

After 5 year I returned to LA for a winter retreat. I got the lightsaber for the duel. I went to a mosque. 2 weeks before I met you. 5 years from the last day I heard my fathers real voice. That day I got your number, both of your Instagrams and your Snapchat. For the next 3 months I relyed on circumstances and when ever I saw you I walked over to you. I never looked at you from afar. I either saw you and said hello or did my own thing. Then I went to the men's retreat. Where I heard stories about the armour bearer and how sometimes all it takes is one brace soul to help everyone else come out of hiding and also be brave. This was where I found that feather. There was also a dating talk that I listened to that Jordan gave. Then the next Monday we may 1st. On that day many things happened. We were hanging at cuesta but then you decided to go to downtown but I had to do something before at the bank. I had to get a cashier's check for paying for getting film digitized. So I told you that I had something to do but I would meet you after. Which I did after got the check to my brother. That is why I was near Laguna when I told you where I was. Then we walked around down town for a little while. We went bubu records and we went to that one clothing store you like. Then we to your house. This was the first time I was at your house. Even though I went to young life almost every Wednesday many times it's was a house 2 house down the road from your I didn't know you were right there all that time. When we got to your house we went to your room and went on your computer. While you went into the bathroom I played a larken rose YouTube video and when you got out of the bathroom I started laughing with keshon and you seemed confused. We then watched revenge of the sith on your computer on your bed. I said the dialogue along with the actors in the movie because I just know that movie so well.  I hope that didn't annoy you. We then went to the skate park where you basically just stayed in the car because a guy that I later learned put you in a group chat with bunch of other girls he was talking to and made you feel uncomfortable. Which makes sense. We then went back to your house and finished watching revenge of the sith. This was the last day I saw keshon before he went to Hemet. 

3 days later I told you may the 4 be with you. I watched guardians of the Galaxy volume 3 with CRU friends. And after I went to throop park filmed many lightsaber battles with Adam albaneze. This was with the lightsaber I got from LA 2 weeks before I met you. 
