Title: Engineer is a term for the designer of the industrial age. T
Created: 2026-02-23T22:56:00.871Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T22:56:00.871Z
ID: 995d3138-30e3-49c8-9c20-6817a3d39d79

---

Engineer is a term for the designer of the industrial age. The age of designing dead engines that simply controlled by the manufacturing of the blocks. An engineer designs dead engines that are dead and separated from life. It is of the roman view of dominion over nature through heirarchial control. But that is not what humans are supposed to be. Humans are supposed to be the stuards of nature not their worldly ruler. Humans are supposed to be part of nature not separate from it. We have killed our world because our design requires death not life. Be we will enter this new age where we design symbiotically with nature. We will design things by the spiral instead of the blocks. We will design with the biodiversity instead of against it. We will no longer use monoculture which destroys all it touches bring back the natural systems of life that was once used in the Amazon before the blocks infested people came and destroyed that spiral civilization. We need a new term for the designer of this new age that isn't based on the industrial engine but the fibbonacci spiral and exponential growth design instead of the linear and confined manufacturing that requires death. A spiral life designer. I'm still working on the name but it is a designer that works symbiotically with life instead of against it. It is one with life itself. The primitive age was the first stage. Then came the the engineered age devoid of life. Then a Stuard of life like what Adam was originally formed out of the dirt to be. A designer in the image of god to help nature be in balance. Humans were always meant to be part of nature not separate from it. But we have become corrupted and turned into a pest on nature instead of it's guide. Life is a language to be understood by man to work with to design with it instead of against it. The genetic code is meant to be understood so man can Stuard life instead of control separate from nature. The green flame will kill the industrial age so that the living age will emerge from the ashes. Life thrives on the green flame it is what purifys it and keeps it new. The green flames is what returns the dead back to the living. It is the backwards fibbonacci spiral. Life death and multiplying rebirth. It is Trinity of God's design. Father son and holy Spirit. It is a cycle of creation. It is three steps that are the industrial age and out of the that dead industrial age comes the true stuard of life age. We couldnt come to understand the language of life without the industrial age but it is only a stepping stone to the true age of decentralized biomanufacturing. The manufacturing of growth and change and self repair instead of death and decay. Anything that isnt growing is decaying. So this new age is the age biomanufacturing with nature instead separate from it. 
