Title: There is an eternal battle between the blocks and the spiral
Created: 2026-02-23T22:58:54.678Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T22:58:54.678Z
ID: f3f4d8b4-f6b5-41ba-a1cb-488a63efc8b0

---

There is an eternal battle between the blocks and the spirals. Central control or decentralization. When a world is built in squares people think like robots. This is why the block heads are the villains and Gumby the shape of possibilities and life is the hero. When you must control things you just genocide the whole ecosystem that maintains the system to make it dead then impose control. Society shouldnt be on top of nature separate and dead from it. Society is a living system and it should act as one. Structures should stay alive not killed. Houses are built by dead trees this is why they will burn because they are the dead brush that nature takes away with fire. This is what should be expected if you build your house out of what nature burns because it is no longer alive. Homes should be part of nature not separate from it. Homes should be in the shapes of natures growth not the confining cubes. Cubes are the shape of slavery. The fibbonacci spiral is the shape of freedom.

The thorns (judges 9 )must remember their true purpose. Every part in a living system has an individual purpose and no part of the living system is above another but they are all equal but perform different functions. When we have a world with architecture with the principles of empire and control we have a people who think in empire and control. We need to manufacture with nature not against it. We must grow with nature and shepherd it not rule it. If we understand natures code we could design things in natures way not in the way of empire. We need to create a team to figure out natures code and create a way to design it at the abstract level. We need to put together. Architects, civil engineering, economics, bioinformatics, computer science, linguistics, AI, PHILOSOPHY, political science, spontaneous order, daoism, the force and hobbits, media. We need each of these fields to work together to create a new free world that has a decentralized manufacturing system based on life not death. We must use AI and linguistics to figure out the code of life and create a abstracted human understanding of code and create a cad system for manufacturing life like solidworks but livingworks. Designing new ecosystems and forms for shelter that will bring back natural beauty over the depressing cube. 
