Title: I need to create a way to lead protectors toward true true p
Created: 2026-02-23T23:05:38.366Z
Updated: 2026-02-23T23:05:38.366Z
ID: 409c9a33-c7b1-49fb-92c6-e1b9a68ec305

---

I need to create a way to lead protectors toward true true protection and away from the bastardization of security called state law enforcement. Security can't exist without because that is what is supposed to be secured. That is its true purpose. It isn'tworldly law enforcement but divine law enforcement. This is why it is important for each person who protects makes sure they are not becoming the thing people need protection from. Enforcement of an unjust law is worse than criminal because it uses the fascade of fighting criminals to commit their crimes. A crime isn't breaking the worldly law scribbles it is breaking natural law. That is why one must look past the written law on paper and only look to the law written on their hearts. The legislation is with everyone. It is not what happens in some roman style building that created laws god created law and wrote it on our hearts and the discussion is to help access what we already know underneath all the dogma that makes people believe that something wrong is something right. The same law is written on all our hearts and there is no way any human can change it but you can understand it and make it clearer by writing down that divine law in an understandable way but that isn't creating law it is codifying it so that there is a mutual understanding of what to expect. Written language has the purpose of communicating in a timely way but it cannot change an immoral thing to a moral thing but you it can document legitimate moral agreements between consenting individuals. 

I need to create systems underneath the corrupted state that take security and law to its true purpose. I need to create a place for people with this experience to go when they choose to be a person of integrity instead of someone who will just follow the worldly law blindly. 


The security guard at my apartment enforces stupid rules about the hot tub that are draconian to a point. I want to ask him questions about what the purpose of security is. to tell him that security is the secure freedom and protect life liberty and property if one of those is missing the others will later follow. It isn't security if one is sacrificed to protect the others but they must all be secured and protected or none of them will be. 
